Usage:  izapple2 [file]
  file
    	path to image to use on the boot device
  -charrom string
    	rom file for the character generator (default "<internal>/Apple IIe Video Enhanced.bin")
  -cpu string
    	cpu type, can be '6502' or '65c02' (default "65c02")
  -forceCaps
    	force all letters to be uppercased (no need for caps lock!)
  -model string
    	set base model (default "2enh")
  -mods string
    	comma separated list of mods applied to the board, available mods are 'shift', 'four-colors
  -nsc string
    	add a DS1216 No-Slot-Clock on the main ROM (use 'main') or a slot ROM (default "main")
  -profile
    	generate profile trace to analyse with pprof
  -ramworks string
    	memory to use with RAMWorks card, max is 16384 (default "8192")
  -rgb
    	emulate the RGB modes of the 80col RGB card for DHGR
  -rom string
    	main rom file (default "<internal>/Apple2e_Enhanced.rom")
  -romx
    	emulate a RomX
  -s0 string
    	slot 0 configuration. (default "language")
  -s1 string
    	slot 1 configuration. (default "empty")
  -s2 string
    	slot 2 configuration. (default "vidhd")
  -s3 string
    	slot 3 configuration. (default "fastchip")
  -s4 string
    	slot 4 configuration. (default "empty")
  -s5 string
    	slot 5 configuration. (default "empty")
  -s6 string
    	slot 6 configuration. (default "diskii,disk1=<internal>/dos33.dsk")
  -s7 string
    	slot 7 configuration. (default "empty")
  -speed string
    	cpu speed in Mhz, can be 'ntsc', 'pal', 'full' or a decimal nunmber (default "ntsc")
  -trace string
    	trace CPU execution with one or more comma separated tracers (default "none")

The available pre-configured models are:
  2: Apple ][
  2e: Apple IIe
  2enh: Apple //e
  2plus: Apple ][+
  base64a: Base 64A
  swyft: swyft

The available cards are:
  brainboard: Firmware card. It has two ROM banks
  brainboard2: Firmware card. It has up to four ROM banks
  dan2sd: Apple II Peripheral Card that Interfaces to a ATMEGA328P for SD card storage
  diskii: Disk II interface card
  diskiiseq: Disk II interface card emulating the Woz state machine
  fastchip: Accelerator card for Apple IIe (limited support)
  fujinet: SmartPort interface card hosting the Fujinet
  inout: Card to test I/O
  language: Language card with 16 extra KB for the Apple ][ and ][+
  memexp: Memory expansion card
  mouse: Mouse card implementation, does not emulate a real card, only the firmware behaviour
  multirom: Multiple Image ROM card
  parallel: Card to dump to a file what would be printed to a parallel printer
  prodosrom: A bootable 1 MB solid state disk
  saturn: RAM card with 128Kb, it's like 8 language cards
  smartport: SmartPort interface card
  softswitchlogger: Card to log softswitch accesses
  swyftcard: Card with the ROM needed to run the Swyftcard word processing system
  thunderclock: Clock card
  videx: Videx compatible 80 columns card
  vidhd: Firmware signature of the VidHD card to trick Total Replay to use the SHR mode

The available tracers are:
  cpm65: Trace CPM65 BDOS calls
  cpu: Trace CPU execution
  mli: Trace ProDOS MLI calls
  mos: Trace MOS calls with Applecorn skipping terminal IO
  mosfull: Trace MOS calls with Applecorn
  panicSS: Panic on unimplemented softswitches
  ss: Trace sotfswiches calls
  ssreg: Trace sotfswiches registrations
  ucsd: Trace UCSD system calls
